ok
[Music]
here we
go the here for you if you know the
words you can
hands together if you W Clap as we take
you through this monkey
[Music]
rykey Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong He's the leader of the
bunch you know him well He's Finally
back to k
gum ands If he shoots It's gna hurt He's
bigger faster and stronger too He's the
First member of the dk Crew
dkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
[Music]
Donkey
Donkey Donkey
[Music]
Listen up
toink si to su
herck and When needs to be She can flo
through the air and Climb up Tree if you
choose her not choose wrong with sk H
She's
[Music]
[Applause]
Coy Donkey Kong is
[Music] Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here he has no Style
he has no
Grace has a funny Face he can hand
when he needs to and stretch his
Arms out Just  for you inflate yourself
just like a balloon  this
[Music]
crazy Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is oky [
Music]
He's Back Again and about To This Time
He's in the mo he can fly real H with his Jet
with his pistols he tough Make
You sm when he
bew he after
you Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is Finally He's here
for you It's The Last member the d Crew
this so strong It Is funny can make ain
Cry out for mmy pick  up a with rel e
Crush Rocks seem such a breeze he May move Slow he can't jump High but this Hell Come on cranky take it to the fridge
[Applause]
[Music]
sple
[Music] handsome handsome handsome
What a late man What a
late I came What a late man
Ah Black Boy says buah the
gossip of the cap is better well the salce of the
cap the salce of the cap man Eh yes there is
one thing What happens yes
eh It's that what happens is that I have already said
that I do not want to continue with the subject
unless he continues I mean if he continues
4652 4600
52 [ __ ] members what have you done have you
made members while we
were gone that I have already said that I am not going to
talk about him anymore I mean this is not a
war or the beginning of the same thing again
or anything like that I mean this has
been a eh Shut up already buddy leave me
alone I mean I am not interested in the
content of the gorran the truth But it
is true that I should have uploaded the debate
here in the salsería
right the debate right the debate
man the debate I should have
uploaded it here Ah well it doesn't matter and if
we uploaded one little thing not one in the
main page another one here Okay it doesn't matter
the joke a
kiss it doesn't
matter it's that I don't care dude that's
it  I'm going to put the I'm going to update the
members and let's get to it right away
okay or so because I started really
late but today I'm watching
Mufasa which by the way is really cool eh
I knew that movie was going to be cool
wait let's put the
members wow we're almost out of
the year dude eh we're almost out of
the year and we're almost going to end up with
5000 members eh it was good to see the
remastering of that episode of the
anime I'm talking about Game Over man it
made me really sad that that video
was deleted the truth is I'm going to
set the goal of 5000 we'll get there dude I
said 4 6 5
2 it made me really sad that that video
was deleted it's that video
shouldn't have been deleted one thing is
that you make peace with a person
well it depends there are times when they do
remember deleting things On that occasion they were
deleted Sure but yeah dude
No if you don't let go of my arm damn this no no it's not that I
won't let go of my arm it's that you
're throwing [ __ ] at me damn
I have a piece of  video deleted
where everything is there, I mean, there's no need to
argue anymore, it's all there in the
video, you know, and I have it deleted and it's
there throwing [ __ ] Well, the
video stays, damn,
Selin and Mara's fight, well, Luar didn't
put it there, I'm going to start right away,
eh, I'm going straight to the top because I do
n't want to, eh, I don't want to get into trouble today,
much, well, let's see, yes, I want to get into trouble, don't
get into whatever it takes, okay, but I
want to start with content because
damn, it's 2 in the morning, grandpa, I
missed you, muso, hold our hands and don't let
go, let's hit but don't leave us. Hey, and while you're
at it, don't forget to check out the
salseria, the Twitter group, learn
that even the lazy Auran is aware
of his community, disobliged,
eh Well, remind me before inno and we'll
see, okay, 127 gubel
funado Yes, yes,
Imagine how things are, eh,
we're with a host But how I see this,
place 000, I
see it lar un7 45 but  if it doesn't
come out how do I see it
place Hi Javi beautiful I was two
months without
money well out of here and joking I love you I
love you how do I put it
luare how do I
do it but can't you send me the link
from no no
But what happened to
gubel they banned him again or
what I had already forgiven nimun selin
and maran they went from being together in
Japan to blocking each other they have
blocked selin already responded
mara's click [ __ ] well that one got away
eh That one got
away let's see today I put some things on
twit it's that I'm pissed that they got
mad a few days ago it
tells me places Let's see it's that I'm very
busy with with with something that I'm going to
bring you next week okay
next week yes next week I'm going
to bring you something
eh that I'll announce it with Fran okay I don't
know if it's around here before Fran was in
tes to the seo
eh but with Fran I have to do a
live announcing that the live was going to be
tomorrow In fact
22 announcing the map  about fortnite what
happens is that it has been delayed for something
that the guy explained that I don't remember
right now what it was but the
fortnite thing is already finished it is already done what
happens is that they were doing like
some tests stress tests
the guy called it that was like sending it to
play a lot I understand explode or I don't
know what stories no so that it doesn't have
errors and so on no then h in theory
I had a live with Fran tomorrow that it suits
me that it is not tomorrow because
what I want to announce could also be
delayed a little because it is a
very big job okay it is a project
that I am going to bring you eh Javi will Fran
and you play man well Fran I hope so I do
n't
know friendships between streamers expire
Greetings well no it doesn't have to
life good night and happy holidays to
everyone confetti cannon confetti ball confetti
cannon graas Thank you
very much Thank you very much dog and
cat things cat and dog things um
then it is good for me that it has been
delayed a little the truth already total
this This video game thing is one thing That
that we were hoping to announce a couple
of months ago and it's been delayed I don't know why it
took them more work or
whatever because it has so many details I mean
I've seen the map the map is the
best okay I mean the map doesn't make
sense let's see if this one comes out and the map is
[ __ ] awesome So when this with
Fran in that live I'll also announce
with him the other one what he's been doing
these days that he disappeared and so on okay
Who is Gorra I don't believe you had a
fight with Dallas no Gorra It
's not Dallas Gorra It's not Dallas eh
Dallas is still miino eh For
now it's still mitil we'll see
later but for now we're going to
hold on to the relationship eh Let's see what happens
with gbel everyone eh everyone not
one is saved until F Oh but intellectual the same
level of deficiency and a question
stutters how do I make it stay at
15 How do I make it
write her How do you
do it Peter
emp there's already Javi there's already Javi the canine
Here taking out the
can Oh
God, what about that the what about the account being
called Javi  the canine what the [ __ ]
not about the account about the account being
called javel
canine what the [ __ ]
No let's see gibel's joke in H no
the truth is you the sailors
eh gibel's joke chungui eh they
take advantage of your fame Jai totally dude I'm
going to have to register something here
eh some Canon or something like that eh
I like Jai more the wig is more
precise they are not all well they are not
really sick they are really sick all of them
eh all of them not one is saved I
'm even watching past live streams and it
seems to me a fault that you did not close
the channel and created the Sebastian Greetings
Grandpa a kiss Ivan I love you handsome
but I want context that I don't know what
happened start from the beginning the moment arrived
nanos you saw that in the gathering they told
the audios
of
Lali well we reacted here and and one of
my
clios I think it was
cpero took out a cover Ah I don't understand
why gibel allows that [ __ ] [ __ ] Eh I
mean I wouldn't allow that eh I mean I
would allow there to be Clip channels
but really  of clips but not of
excerpts, I mean, a lot of times if I
want to see something from Gibel I see it clearly I
see it on
YouTube especially when it's
Gibel's stuff with me they are the ones that I think are the ones that
get the most eh Maybe
15 or 20,000 get him let's see you know but one
thing is that you release a clip for a minute or
two which are more or less the things that I
alone like I usually do on Twitter no
eh but in the discussion nobody agreed with
Juan about Molly only Gibel only
Ah but of course Gibel is already
Juan's pet But how are they going to agree with
Juan about Molly if
Molly was very based and what and what she
said was the reason
em that those clippers the ones that make
clips from Gibel's channel are
the sons of [ __ ] already going to 8 minutes clamoring
and if maybe they make a clip of something
that doesn't last 8 minutes they'll put you in they'll put in
whatever they can to make it last eight you
know n And he put what cuckold literally
put that but  I don't say that
anywhere in the reaction it's literally me
staying quiet and saying how do you
stay eh literally what
that clip says and the guy Javi the canine
grabbed that cover and said How can you tell
that gbel is kids and pambisito alone
the pambisitos and the kids say that
Ricky is Cook that how how how do I know how what the
[ __ ] that was put that's how La
Movida started I don't remember anymore or rather someone
told him that that Ricky Edi only calls him
Cook or cuckold not in this case the
kids are
bad note and he started throwing a
Bible and I quoted him and I said What's
wrong with this doll if I don't even manage my
Clip channels and he started to
invent a theory that my cliperos
are people that I hire and that I pay them
Imagine that I'm going to pay a
clipero for Peruvian impossible and that I
have them managed and I tell them what to upload And
how to upload and and he started to go crazy and
there was a cascade of crazy things in
which they kept raising the bar
and they started  do all the live shows
with me and I would stop each
one of them, I had them written down in a wine fay
to make it funny and I said oh how did
you find it funny to put a
watermark on Jordi W when he was saying
that his father passed away and he said I've already
apologized for those things Yes of course
like Hari's fake document and Juan
too, to that thing that was misspelled
Monterrey, I've also already apologized
for all those
things they were playing who's the biggest is the shortest
of all of them that and and they continued
on Noa the truth I think gibel has never
given any attention to those accounts no I mean
a gubel being a hater never gave any attention
to those accounts no yes he did
give any attention to some channel no Some channel
that thinks the same as those accounts no
but in all honesty to the accounts
no no Yes and then they started raising the
level then they even started uploading
clips of mine from 8 years ago well no
Javier canino supposedly it's a
word play by javiel canijo But I would
put an s and call himself javiel  annoying
because what a hater that one is dal veira I
think eh That one is dal veira I think it's the
same one it's that they are like very stupid
right, I mean they are children who talk like little
children But in reality I think they are
not that young eh I mean they are like
teenagers but idiots
you know my goodness well we already started no no
no already and they even said How is it noticeable that
gbel look at this gbel does the same thing with
his ex that Dallas did with miare it
was literally a clip of me playing
fortnite I already saw that clip and I didn't
understand it It's that there is nothing wrong with it Oh
I saw the TT but I didn't get to see the clip
what was happening in the
forn clip and it's like what did I do there I mean what did I do
what do I
do the same as Dallas didn't do anything
with my mre and they continued to get angry and
went How are you Yorio Good night the pape
ador of papa Ores the king and Pilar of
salseo owners of our hearts
luares going up and then came That
donation that is crazy Let's see
I have to explain that Who is pac
Paco is an account  that the cu
Paco was created but the thing is that Paco I've
seen him all my life eh I mean Paco is
like but all my life
like but but ah I've eaten it it's
true I hadn't realized Jorge it's that you do
n't even need to put Vaseline on me anymore
eh You come in alone that Paco That's that me
but I've seen him all my life all my
life yes That I've seen all my
life clicking on YouTube on things and
appearing there not mentioning us and so on
and he started giving donations that day
and that day I told him are you crazy
Paco and he put that one in and they wanted to say like it will be
a gelc Sito a follower of mine
who was going to insult me ​​I say no a
gibel cito does not insult my mother there is
no gelc Sito who has insulted my
mother please
and and they started going around in
circles about the same thing and they continue to
this day eh It's not something that has stopped
these dolls continue and I say it the
Dallas haters are the same as the
pambisitos
Twitter accounts no, pambisitos are not like that, a
pambisito no no no no he is obsessed every
day and getting up in the morning, that
is, a little apartment. A wim Cook account is not created
or a
violin, a little apartment, no, when the
subject comes up they defend Dallas. Well, yes, there
will be more or less
intense. Well, yes, of course, yes, obviously,
when I was against. Well, I also
had some intense ones that come out that you
such but that is not what it is not, it is not like
no, they are not the same as the pambiitos. No
man, it will be the same as some [ __ ] that there is, there are
some
[ __ ] everywhere except for the kids,
of course, you know. But how come no minami, very
intense, I don't know who it
is. I think that in the end, the haters,
whoever they are, tend to be like that, a little bit.
It's not about The hater is the same as the pambiito, but rather that the hater, whoever he is, whether he is from one side or the other, well, the hater, well, they usually are, they are special. But in the end, man, you take it, look, today in the enaro
I was telling myself something  no That
surprised me And it's that I remember
reacting to these controversies that we
were remembering reminded me of
a lady who had wished
death on me I mean there was a lady on an
Anton David live stream a collaborator
who was so cool and calm she said that
I deserved to die that I should die that I did
n't deserve to be in the world I already knew
that you were into it you tasty old man but it
's no secret a kiss Pedro handsome
Well trust you because lately I've
been giving it a like challenging some
publication of that lady I mean fate you
the memory that I have
of the importance that I've given to something well I
remember something maybe
something that has been important to
me And such But of course no I didn't
remember Why Because I go they're
internet things and I don't hate anyone
personally I don't have any enemies let's
see enemy Well there are some that are
more intense than others and but there are
people who are obsessed
with me that could be considered
enemies I really feel sorry for them I feel
sorry for people who are not capable
of overcoming that they are not capable of you know
but of course the issue are these types of
people no  is that they are like pambisitos
or anything because the pambiitos are not
here here there are a lot of people who are a regular
visitor here among the kids And
surely in some of
their channels maybe I don't know but in other
channels that Dala gets along badly with other
channels and there will also be pambiito because
they like to consume the content you know
but it is not no no they are not like the pambiito
the haters are like other haters that there are
whoever it may be
But those are people who have
apart from the personal account that they have
if they have any personal account
that normally Yes okay they have an email an email
account and a
Twitter account to dedicate it to a person in
this case to Javi Oliveira and they get up
every day to see what tweet Javi puts
how live Javi is whether it is the
kids whether it is the lordship whatever time it
is to pick up and put
any word sick
[ __ ] there is already
hater of Dallas they are the same as the
pambiitos no And who called you a
consumer of that Javi the
canine my mother literally like
nothing man out of nowhere
is that he also interprets
things many times and does  some
very strange translations he doesn't explain things well
literally
never told him CP consumer
he scolded the jokes that gibel makes about
the CP that he scolded him now because gibel
now doesn't mess
with me do you
understand me a kiss Senda how
are you like the pambi who donated to gref
in good vibes truth be the subject was on
other occasions it is the same pabo the canine
this had applauded CP debel's jokes
and there weren't any okay But now
suddenly everything about
gubel offends him he doesn't understand his humor and that all
this is sarcastic ant was papadas and
saying consumer and seller I don't
understand what happens is that with
them it is very easy to
act if you are on their
side they are going to tell you that they understand
your humor that they find it funny that you are
a crack that they are like that it was greening at the
time it was a toxic pambisito
ironically ended up becoming a
hater haha ​​​​although now it has
disappeared Uf But that one was rare eh
but that one is a hater I mean he became a
hater of the
Dallas one I think about  me yes a little
maybe not but from Dallas he became a
hater of
Dallas
Yeah let's see I remember that debate that I don't know
if I have it
if you're not on his side all those
things are worthless you can't make humor with that it's
unpleasant They are by the book and I
loved it when one puts me on it takes with
laser today it had nothing to do with it and it
makes me like when you said that my I said
[ __ ] it was so obvious that it was
because of pissing it was so obvious but I didn't even quote
that IB to mention my era it wasn't even
funny dude those people
life
obviously okay I don't think it is or I mean they
are what go against me whether if
suddenly he goes against me esbel it doesn't matter that he
messes with
[Music]
me unless he messes with me on a
topic that is aor m I mean no no no it's not
team miare Team Win michu as such
because they don't follow the content of miare and
Win
michu that I think a lot of times
about many of these
anarchy accounts Wilson these accounts are not [ __ ]
stalkers sick of stalkers of
the  but let's be real okay what are you
saying Well you don't like it that much for
example they start defending one channel
the other channel of the
gentlemen I don't see you not even one [ __ ] day upload
a clip of those channels Why
Because you don't watch them You don't like them Well these
people the same Tim my michu no no they don't
consume them they don't even know what they do
surely Okay what do they get along with the
mother they get along with the mother the mother
does of talking to all of them
Eh well from the account from which
I insult everyone and so on but daily
insults I don't know how we realize and I
share things clips cancel talk about
everything I do everything there but you don't
realize you don't know it's me and I saw a
publication I don't know which of these
accounts published a clip of Sur
saying
m Sur was watching a video of mine and said
that the something like that also like the
Dallas haters are worse they are also
sick exactly they are like the
antithesis I mean the opposite side not of
the pambisitos I mean they are
crazy the same and they started to say Sure
but
their friend nauter doesn't like it  to say anything I do
n't know what and so on you know something like that go on there's
no difference you know
if tomorrow you give up you're going to keep
making content you know those people no if
tomorrow you give up it doesn't exist it's over
forever I didn't understand that they're
sick exactly they are like the
antithesis I mean the opposite side not of
the pambisitos I mean they are
crazy the same and they started to say sure
but to their friend nauter they are not going to
say anything I don't know what and so on you know something
like that go on there's no difference
you know if tomorrow you give up you're going to keep
making content you know those
people no if tomorrow Dallas does not exist it's
over forever but let's define
hater I mean these accounts are hater and they
dedicate their entire [ __ ] account to publishing
click expose that you can do it if you
want yes but to these people in
particular that nobody knows who is behind
Dallas or Javi they have not done anything to
me anymore let's not be clear let's see no sol let's see but
the thing is that it is not an account
that you comment on the seo and then no we are not
going to see clearly the issue is the point is  No, no ...
Cel and you're going to find there
tweets from them looking for a way to
square the argument that they do
n't see, for example, I argue with
Cell and they don't no say Well, I'm going to
see it and I'll put something in favor of Javi or in
favor of Cell no no no they see that
Javi has argued with Cel and they're going to
defend Cel How Well now they see it and
now they're looking to square the argument
that fits them that day to
defend Sel and against me
Maybe with the same argument they
've criticized me later but they're going to
defend him, you know, the point is,
I argue with the stutterer, they're going to defend the
stutterer and they're going to be that it fits them to
defend the stutterer but like that, well, it's
like, well
[Music] with whoever,
with whoever, whatever, be it a
youtuber, be it a famous person who
criticizes whatever, whatever,
okay, that's the point now you
understand and if I didn't live off of, if I did
n't earn money uploading videos, come
on, you forget  Who is Dallas V you wouldn't
even have Twitter talking about Dallas
like the one who says Oh, if not, I'd win if
I didn't make money creating content, I
could fall for people on TV, good or
bad, you can't comment on the best
reality shows or something, but I wouldn't be
obsessed, I mean, you realize
that they are people obsessed with people on the
internet who are dedicated to creating
content, eh, c has gone up in the last
menu, I don't know how much, if c made money from
D, I doubt it would
turn on directly to say I have to watch
something else from D again How funny I
suck, it depends on the topic because with
ener sometimes I react because it makes me
laugh, but ener is a comedian, he's a
funny guy,
energetically, but let's see, from what I've been
seeing, it's like there are a
lot of people who when we
criticize every day, aas, Here in the
discussion, because obviously the last few
months with pamic Coin, the projects and
all that, well, it will be normal, bu don't [ __ ] with me
and when we stop commenting on them, it's like they
force the role, they keep tagging me so I
comment on things they're doing  Dallas
right now Well, they are not very
relevant and I think that
at a certain point they get
angry because they are not mentioned or because we do
not comment on it here and at the point where they
can find something like what
happened with gbel to force a bit of
role they take advantage of it to see if it really
worked for him who the [ __ ] would imagine gbel
versus Javi the
canine in December 2024 that I have a
confidentiality agreement with Dallas
that I cannot criticize what you want me to
criticize about him it
is not where they got those
arguments from but the fact that I
know that such and such with with
arguments that they themselves have sown
man where the hell have they sown these arguments,
well arguments that Ricky s
Ricky and delox have sown against me I do
n't know if some of them
have ever instigated it but either they have not
rebuked it or they have given those two the ball I do not
understand anything No, I am not going to
make it up either, they turn against you and
tell you what you what you have given them
logic that it could be one that  may have
existence or rather F your a
confidentiality agreement a
confidentiality agreement does not prevent you from talking about
anyone,
well if you think that then you
have no [ __ ] idea what you're
talking about a confidentiality agreement
you sign a confidentiality agreement
I sign a confidentiality agreement with
Dallas so we can't
tell each other what we
're talking about
privately But if Dallas releases a
bitcoin plan and I don't like the
bitcoin plan I could make videos
criticizing the bitcoin plan what I can't
do is talk about what we've
talked about on WhatsApp which
makes no sense at all that is not a
confidentiality agreement a contract
that prevents you eh from commenting on
public issues that's ridiculous
things
already gibel is right on that point D
is not doing anything and yet Those
accounts want to criticize him Yes yes yes d
is not doing anything he's making videos
of some controversies that I don't
know eh the last notifications
that came out are about controversies
because I am a member of the
Dallas channel no then the last ones are about
controversies that I don't know I don't know what they
are I haven't seen it  the videos and and so it is
to the seo of our cre I think the
last thing I think he commented about this girl
that I also made a video on the
main channel the one of the 100 [ __ ] in
one day but it's her thing no I mean she's not
doing anything wrong that I
know of Memo to put that I haven't seen it it's that
I don't really watch the videos of of
anyone what you see here live or
rather the same as them the same as
Dallas the same as everything that you're going to see
here what are you going to talk about Dallas now
well little the statement the other day
some little thing and that's it and since he's being a hater he
's against Dallas I
have 1 reason to be against
him he's tried to take over the channel I don't
know how many times with
fraudulent complaints he's taken me to court with a
false link he's insulted me a ton of
times in videos with delox also in
that podcast that they did in the
tardeo a cel video to me Turbo plan says that
how was it that
María mma we I don't know what the
[ __ ] Yeah I mean I have
reasons but a bunch of reasons and the ones I
don't remember to be against
d  and it's okay to give an opinion against it but it's that
these people I mean Dallas in particular you haven't
done anything to him and Xavi either apart from that of
course and apart from that they don't get paid for what they
do if I didn't get paid for what I do is I wouldn't have an account
anywhere people like laser lent to jump to
say is that what we are doing
just because it has to be done is you are
defending a noble act that you believe is
noble no you are not defending an
act that you believe is noble another
bad guy who life doesn't care about what happens is that
you are on Miare's side and you
think that everything Miare does is
fine and they want to sell you the story that
my ler is on Miare's side
because Miare was Well not even Miare's
mother who hooked him up and made the
envelope at that moment and he is
repeating all the stories that have already been
denied over the years and everything
talked about and more than talked about and shown
and blah blah blah that the lady takes
these people and wants to go and wants to
use them and takes Laser and three like
the  lerl without more you know but if at the
time Dallas had answered
for example to the message lerl sent
messages to Dallas saying I'm leaving
here the video that I made defending you I'm
leaving here a video a kiss
miracle queen I'm leaving here the video
that I made criticizing gref Well if d
had decided to answer that
message then he would have given the ball to
Dallas and he would be and he would defend Ho to Dallas and he would
be today being a pain with all
these okay And in it and he sent me
messages telling me if I wanted to be me
if he wanted to be my
editor that he has been getting closer and harassing
the one he considers famous who has given him the
ball is a poor martyr who has suffered
both are the crazy ones of the town we must not
give it to him eh neither is the good one here No no
yes there is a good one no no no there is no good
the other one is also quite questionable
eh And you no no no Here we have to start to
understand that this one is wrong and this one is
wrong and we have to understand it and they don't want to
accept it and they jump to defend
miare and they tell you no no no it's not like that yes it's not
even about Senda a kiss it's not
even about this one is wrong and
the other one is wrong too it will be about it
depends on the circumstance depends on the
day depends on the what well You will
agree with one agree with the other with
none no
longer on Twitter for this discussion Look at
the places please it's like that because they
started to pull my neck when I
said what I said about miare when I criticized me
if I hadn't criticized me they wouldn't have
said anything about me with everything
with what you just said You already gave them
a
clip of me from Dallas and it says that it was all
an injustice they will be watching it they
must be watching the discussion all the
Javi these Javi the canine Javi the wig
are all here Ah on one occasion I don't know
if you remember that I put If I could I would
place all the Team Dallas and
anti-Dallas On an island and I would send a
nuclear bomb to wipe them all out the
only ones who responded to that tweet
were those from Team
miare whistles they were also clear the
pambitos they told me then there
too  you should add nter Play
No
no here they want to invent games what is he
telling me send me the link of
the account just please to
click and open it he is telling me places
that he has like 30
tweets no no yesterday he also had 30 tweets
from me from my live sea ch they are people
who are not very
clear [ __ ] is this going to be on the internet in
your day to day they are
specialized people Same when delo wanted to
take laser to the talk show it was clear that
ael and they didn't like him he called him s from
me Yes it is true it is true it is true But it
is that I would not have even uploaded it a guy
like that how ironic that nter Play our
father the one who created us comes out and says that
criticizing Javi Dallas is wrong because they
did nothing to us that he
has that justification but then you
see him taking the information from our
accounts for his videos against Dalas buo I
would have to see if this is true or not If he
has taken there aal both and Jai have
filed
fraudulent complaints against me but Who are you who are you
and what did you find
creature dude I am completely sure that the  you
sick [ __ ] because it ca
n't be any other way that he's
been
fraudulently reporting me on
Twitter these have been these and that's why you can
see the emails that match the
beginning of the emails of his
accounts Okay and one was from the United
States I think it was another I think it was from I do
n't know where each one is from memory
okay eh But one is from the United States and
the other but come on as soon as I
catch him I'm going to report him in whatever country
because they are
identity theft even what they've done to
try to take down my [ __ ] account man you
know and and and they sent me an email from
the from they sent me an email from the
email that makes the reports and it said
[ __ ] Wait I still have the email
to whom I sent it to I
already know who I
sent it to I know I know who I
sent it to
girl The email says it's nice to click
on others right Javi your master does it
but I see that for you it's very annoying a
shame threats the only thing they know how to do
keep stealing with cryptos you've
entered a world that you barely know
em And this is one of those
and just like that because one I think is
from Zlatan
eh one I think is from
Zlatan But one is from the United States dude I
mean how can I confirm that and how
can I
confirm it Javi insults us all and
attributes crimes poor us the
Twitter accounts are the evil ones of the
internet for not charging for our
criticism but the members of the
discussion except him see it as good to promote
gambling addiction on their channels with a huge
audience made up for now he is
against everyone in the
discussion I don't understand outer Play now
we have to charge to be able to criticize or
how this works is that trust everything they
translate of what he said
eh Let's see what nauter said is
basically if a topic gives me money
then it motivates me more to make more videos
but I don't live only on this topic
I'm not daring with this topic no I mean
and you guys do it for free you do it out of
hate How did you think
how how how how how
I want to feel your body
Let's
see I'm not informed About anything eh there was
a trial
well it had to be today  eh Ah look
here there is here there is one deleted in
September of last year but
last year the
videos were deleted last year
these videos were deleted Tommy said in the chat
that wismichu
deleted it Yeah but look it appears here
deleted but of course not because there are
many more V so many thousand visits one of
them I don't remember if the second one
uploaded it in the main they don't say it
was in November it doesn't
appear here but of course one, the
big one I saw it a week ago and it was
Med cell phones man we would have
noticed before it's in fact for the
trial It's okay I can say it
because michu himself said it I was a
witness at the trial it was recently I
remember the exact date I think I don't know if it
was this last month I think it was
last month and I reviewed the videos in case they
asked me
something well he deleted them eh
Well we'll find out for
now There's no news or anything
today what was it today what was it
today is Friday no I mean
no let's
see yes aa but if
the blocked one you autoblocked the video
then a theory not a theory
someone else claimed the video
took it  and immediately became a
user and blocked it by the person who
uploaded This video did not allow it to be
available I've never seen a poster like that
eh the person who uploaded This video did not
allow it to be available I've
never seen a poster like that
videos unavailable I mean they usually
put you removed it could
also be Yes yes it makes sense
eh But you can block a
video from being seen I know what you're
saying tomy is that someone says a
fake account reuploaded the video took it
despite uploading it later and reported
that video for copyright
Yeah let's see I'm going to show you and it can yes they
do it with songs and and but if you upload it
But the date matters no if you upload it
later the
YouTube Bot and if fumu no it doesn't work it doesn't work let's
see it may fail but it doesn't
work but apart from that if they have a trial
for who is that going to be Also it's not that it does
n't make
sense How I have a video the one who
blocked it what that You are not black Gamer
no me I am he I am eh that's why he
reacted to all my videos to
give me Holland kids how do you dance let's
see I have partially blocked videos
in other countries
and they should come out in the following way I'm
going to see if this one for example is
blocked in
Spain I made a friend forfa at the
time he blocked his videos for
Argentina So there is a way but of course
here we are Argentina Bolivia Uruguay
Mexico blocked it all over the world except in
Somalia of course and luar comes out the same and
luare well I'm not going to say where he lives just in
case
but but Karime is also
telling me something Karime that she doesn't see it either or she
blocks it everywhere So I
know someone who is looking for a VPN for
Somalia and search to see if it is really
possible Look they put me for music can it be
blocked in countries or the same Network the
same Network Maybe the Network is
in between eh la la this guy the
crumpled This video has blocked it
or rather he has blocked Look at the second one he
uploaded it on the main eh To see if it
caught him more than the other and he has
blocked it have you never seen anything like this
eh well it was today
eh let's go today these days ago
in
Somalia this video you shouldn't you shouldn't be
able to see it you think giel I'm going to
send you the
link it would be the video  with the best title in
history eh Without a
doubt it would be cinema man can you imagine if
tomorrow the videos magically became
available
again Well there we already have something
to throw away these days
Uh speculating there what happened in the
video how are things going any [ __ ] will do
no Let's see, I think it's let's
see, I'm going to see in my studio and
we'll solve this doubt How are you
nauter with that issue How are you doing with the
videos have you released a daily video maybe
not almost always [ __ ] or am I
confused every day yes day no because And
this is something that I've thought about man eh if
streamers make
youtubers we're
screwed Because if you because if you upload
a video to YouTube you upload it you already know what
part is to cut what part is not to edit it
leave everything perfect but live you
make many more mistakes verbally
speaking yes yes that's what I am I am of
course but if the gossip existed before
the streamers for me it's not going to change
eh even before the fury of the
streamers there was gossip changing from white
to black no but it would affect I would say yes that's what I
'm into  okay yeah let's
see if he can see the one that
Tommy passed to me, yes he let me Yes he says it's only
blocked in
Greenland Greenland only
What the
[ __ ] what a Paranormal phenomenon then no, I mean he
blocked it by countries but
how do you know that's true
What will happen As you saw Today I saw a tweet
from Delo saying that he's very happy and
all And I remembered all those moments
here in the chat with Delox all those
controversies about Bambic Coin no pressure or
or why not he said that he was happy
I thought that and I remembered him because
Sei looks at the DMs of the superior on
Twitter Okay let's continue watching what we
were watching I don't know the truth I
mean I have no idea I have no idea eh I
mean Larel says he has a Network Javi
will be able to handle the Network I mean he has
blocked it by countries but of course that
could
be to remove it in a
discreet way and not to lower the statistics
no I mean when you delete a video on
YouTube it hits you hard the
statistics show that you
realize that someone has deleted the video
Because they come out in negative social
Blade clear Then he must have done it that way
so as not to attract attention, not to
remove the
video, no witch, there is no sentence
on that yet,
eh, there is no
sentence yet, they are not But why,
if we are talking about both parties,
why is the other party so angry
or what, let's be honest, those who have been
here for a longer time,
eh, those who are on the internet, I am
clearly referring to Javi the canine and all of these
have something to do with Miar and his mother, I do
n't think we all agree that
those accounts have some kind of relationship with
them, don't tell me, the hatred for
Jav Oliveira is not coming because you
might dislike someone, I might
dislike the content creator, but
reaching that level of obsession is because
you think you have something personal and it's
because you are on someone's side Yes, that's what I was
going to ask you, what did they
tell you when you said that about
that donation and you said, let's see in
person, what the hell are you going to tell him if he hasn't
done anything to you? What did they tell you about Rey
about that, no, but those fgo were going to do
to Javi, no Or  either they caught Javi
Oliveira or it was a donation he said eh I
work at a store and Javi
Oliveira came and I thought about saying something to him but
since in the chat we're controlling each other
and everything I wanted to break up And I said to him why would you
insult someone in real life who has
n't done
anything to you And what did they tell you, they took out a clip and they
started saying that I was there
because Javi Oliveira saw that And he put eh he
started making memes of him and me together and
I was [ __ ] myself r he compares it it's funny
yeah from Dragon Ball and I shared it
because it was funny to me and and those guys
started saying here it seems that gbel And
Javi gbel is a kid and sees Javi
Oliveira and everything and it's like Yeah I
like Javi Oliveira's content and
what's going on and and the moment is and what the
problem is and the guys grabbed him and said
No but I told him that do you think it's
okay for them to do that because
Javiel canine quoted me and he says yes eh Let's
see eh what would be wrong with talking to
someone on the street if  you grab a
content creator who's on the
internet who's never done anything to you you stop him
on the street to berate him for an
opinion which well I agree for me he's
a mentally ill bank of course man
Yeah because you're a Random in the story or something else
that is the person he's
fighting with or whatever no but
that's a Random I mean no I mean for you
gbel an account of these characteristics
that are fully dedicated are monot
thematic and that wait for any minimal
mistake from Javi or dlas to do a c or
whatever no no no no no no no no no they don't
expect any mistake they invent The
mistake if you don't think they have to have
a personal involvement with the person they're
attacking no I mean it can't be a
sick internet guy
you know what happens you know what happens
eh I can understand that there is some
sick guy I can understand it because there have
been cases like in the case of
dumen with the do posting and all that there
are a couple of sick guys let's see there are
people involved who have accounts like
this I'm not going to  say what they are
yet but I'll say it I'll say it let's say it I'll
say it soon
and I don't know if they know it I think
naut does know it okay I mean there are people
who do have accounts that we have
hijacked their accounts and if they know it and I'll
explain and I'll tell you Look at this account of
this person Look for this for this and for this for this and
this happened and this
other thing happened
c of these accounts that a clip of Sur
saying estendo and
dioa the bandoo of the little apartments maybe
they are crazy the same and they started to
say Sure but they are not going to tell their friend
anything no id and so on you know Alo like that go on there is
no difference you know if
ma la palma content you know those people no
yes tomorrow I'll say it soon Javi saying it
since 2018 man since 2018 No because
the accounts started since January of
well January February 2019 for meiste it was
over for let's go eh neither you
have to be very stupid not to catch
the accounts I also tell you okay I mean
I caught them because by entering a
phone number all the accounts came out
of that person of that
phone number and apart from catching it there
then yile with another series of things
that were and I reviewed some
WhatsApp conversations that I had and they talked
about those accounts
eh they knew the accounts twitter they talked about
things that only and then especially
because I in a trial uh I protested about
those accounts and the defense we'll see if
you I For example if someone
accuses me of having a multi-account
okay in court I would go and I would
say ask Twitter right now and let
Twitter tell you if there is If I have
any multi-account because Twitter
knows By device by IP by
browser for a lot of things Twitter
knows okay if you if they accuse me of
that I would say throw go to Twitter and
ask Twitter who owns this
account or let them show you the entire list of
accounts that are in my house okay I would
say if they point me out I'll leave the
door open ask for whatever you want
okay if you're telling the judge and you
're telling him Look, I have
these
clues this this this and this account
for this this this reason we know that it is
of this person and the other part starts
telling the game things like well no no no no let's not
ask Twitter for anything we're
going to delay a lot Don't ask Twitter for anything
no no no no no well if you
ask Twitter for something don't ask for the
accounts
Ask for the
email if there is an
email things that those of us who know
how Twitter works well we don't know
no I mean if you anyway these are things that I will
explain well but come on it's from Caro
father for the people of the internet it's going to be
a confirmation a recognition let's
see what happens that of course the judges don't
understand Twitter doesn't respond but
I have it clear I have it clear and I will
take it to the end I will take it to the
end as far as necessary I will take it I will
explain it obviously always
but let's define hater or in other words this
account is and they dedicate their entire [ __ ] account
to publishing clips to expose that you can
do it if you want but to these people in
particular that nobody knows who is
behind Dallas or Javi they haven't done
anything no to me Dallas yes You understand and
if I didn't live off of it I wouldn't make money
uploading videos let's
go  but a pile of motive and those that I
don't remember is the same Kim you
sent this we have seen it but but
this is already an obsession it has reached the
point where it is an obsession there is not a day
that they do not talk about Javi Oliveira
man there are people who are talking about me
still entering
2025 the other day we saw it eh And that here
Say you well people are mentioned grandpa I have
not received a single sub of so many that they
give you I watch all your streams
from a Browse that has adblock
Greetings
grandpa I am not going to mention your name let's
see long [ __ ]
the
sea Your love is like the
sea a wave that flies Oh but come back to
[Music]
go down you have conquered my soul and
now I am lost and in a maze
alone and I am cold it
hurts it hurts it hurts I think
my implant fell out I mean my
[ __ ] guitar hurts I have never plugged it in my life
eh Look it has it has a
little plastic you were going to say it has dust
but no it doesn't have a little plastic that I have
not removed because I only
bought it because I always wanted one
nice guitar to decorate but but it
's a real guitar I mean I
could even learn to play it
someday
and Well I don't know, giving limbs to
that boy it has cost me it has
cost me a
song giving that boy some
[ __ ] limbs we're going to reach
tonight And jav oliveira can go TR
days without doing a live and they keep
talking about him with things that don't make
sense and you say There's a
personal implication here because they're
all so connected for so long that they all follow each other that they all
talk to each other that they all
support each other it's
like and you know what it seems very strange to me
Oh well I'll say it is that there are more
indications and more clues I will comment on them I will
explain them well when I arrive when
a judicial process is over I will explain it I will
tell you Look this happens this if you
see it normal
that look at the mother wismichu all those
wismichu He has a thousand mistakes I have never
seen wismichu killed in
consecutive twet with the mistakes he has done
to me when laser len came here to
justify that wismichu hit
a guy with a bottle, I really was shocked
here and what a good
guy I have nothing else to say
but what he said I don't remember how he
justified it he had said like yes but
what happened in Dallas is more serious than what he said
taking
weight off he says that you know who also
says yes but what happened in Dallas is more serious
Felipe saw Felipe's video and
well and I coincide then we talked about
Felipe because there's another actor who came
after who came out of nowhere who is a
person who stutters he was the only one based
and he saw it coming Kilometers and said
look at it literally and it's r
tokena well let's see elbel iira is real
ybel will be the next king of gossip no
no a dick that already that will
inherit the day that I'm not here
Senda a
kiss of it
wasn't very let's see I respected him when he
was a colleague of Dallas because he was a colleague
of Dallas eh but to see a crazy man was a
crazy man No, we have everything clear no I
mean when he appeared around here when there was a
relationship okay he appeared by  here
with some donations that I had to
tell him to shut up three or four times do you
remember that we had him we had to
put a tranquilizer in his back a
couple of
times there was one time when he sent a
donation what do you say uncle uncle do you remember I mean no no no he
wasn't very distant see he
was crazy
eh all the jokes of vador el betos
el betitos we're sorry so the meme I'm the
meme of Freezer put in front Goku from
Forgive me for everything
stutters and let's make something clear when saying when
saying that people make
comparisons between cases we're not
saying that one thing is more
serious than the other we're saying that
those people
are just as much sons of [ __ ] as
Dallas also there's something that happened
man I no I haven't seen Dallas
attack anyone yet eh And many
more things and many other things let's
leave it there many other things with
wismichu that to me people still
seem like the justification for everything is
not that the other one is a Nazi is
great you tomorrow you can eh grab
a girl [ __ ] the  punch and say that he
was a Nazi brother that justification
is great it's the letter and besides it
still seems spectacular to me that the
guy had the injury here and tell you
wismichu I didn't hit him from the front it was
a Boomerang you threw the bottle like this it
turned in the air and hit him here Come on
monster there are things that a person
gibel only the base regardless of
how he got Because then he also
exaggerated how he gets and all
But do you understand that your ex
Venezuelan friend got angry about what
happened
no Or not even that no, I don't
understand I didn't understand Where the
anger comes from I still don't understand it I think so
eh I saw it a little and I think it comes from
because you said in an ironic way a
little bit about Javi he was always right he
was always there we didn't see it I think
Tom took it to bite no a little it's that
I put it with with with these accounts
Yes I mean with these accounts Javi
was always right I didn't know but I
think he took it that with with him
like you didn't support him and you supported
Javi in ​​everything like he got angry and
thought that's what I interpreted and there's one
thing that I love and it's that at one
point in his live he explodes and among
thousands of insults he tells me you can't
say that Javi Oliveira is right about
something and he emphasizes something I mean you
everything that Javi Oliveira says you have to
say no I mean Javi Oliveira but
tomorrow it's raining and he tells you how it's
raining vurra you have to tell him the
truth that no there is no sun there is sun sun and
25 gr gel sincerely you to the Venezuelan
how did you consider him I mean you before
all this obviously colleague friend
partner Ah how friend I got
along just a colleague
collaborator dude I liked him I
liked him r because I saw him
funny it amused me that he was
like like a little clown you know you
never saw you never had those
schoolmates that you gave him a
little handle and they started to fight over
everything you know that  you talked to him
a little bit about oo I would say to him Hey did you see what
this guy told you and he would start
scheming he would just say Thank you r because it
was like that you r would grab him you would say Hello
red and he would start
scheming like with the debates with d I
thought he was funny I thought he was eh
nice But I never understood How he
went crazy that
I created my channel to give the
review is that your name was for that reason no that
your name was for that reason my name was
for that reason then when I turned on he says The
donation You eat it for
pambisito the conversations
that conversations of dasas dasas
quoting all the tw that I put and
said Here giving it ap he would kill him already
with this
murderer we saw that here not about the
murdered already with this you know that the ra
was trying to sell it as something
literal and I love it because r or rather
r takes it seriously like Dallas was going to
kill any of us I hope
I'm Uruguayan I have more chances of
going out tomorrow to the cle and that  I stabbed
a kid from del Marconi with a
knife he's 12 years old he just left
school that you kill me if I were
gbel I would have felt offended because
d simply said that he would kill you but he did
n't say the method as important cl it does
n't matter imagine where the [ __ ] he
got the ra that that
delos was going no that dasas was going
to kill delox with hitmen you
know
for him careful
eh he had guibel
caras figured out another with a hitman he didn't say he would
murder you outright I mean it's like a
disdain Not clear and here the
lie falls apart do you remember when we were
in the chat with Dallas and he said Yo I do
n't know you but my followers have
always commented and I had all the tw
padit on WhatsApp with the guy in
private I was collecting everything it's that
everything that y he put he's crazy it's not
all that you are not all the things
that he put were some examples of
things that I read that gibel had said
about him Javi The Hitman is you he is
crazy dude but How At one point Eh
You're quoting because it's not that he quotes all
the tweets and comments on each tweet he
commented on it he was his text each tweet He
had something to say it was like he
was making a video but on
WhatsApp with his friends it was the news it
was the news but from Dallas that
conversation was like notes yeah
literal But hey There's something that made me
laugh a lot was when in one of the
points three or two that says here it
says that I have low self-esteem because I have
surgery and I criticize people such and And he
put a text like explaining everything
why it's not like that and it's like
bro why do you justify yourself so much Of course of course I
say bro What the [ __ ] do you know
about all the notes that Dallas did
of all the ones there are Which one did
you find the funniest the one with the
justification to me justifying Why does
n't he have low self-esteem with r token is
a Bible that seems like cinema to me it seems to me
those who were saying that you had
a confidentiality agreement with
Dallas his theory is just as stupid as
my friend gbel's and that my
friend gbel's is  of
humor and they will
tell him what are you doing eh what a son of a
[ __ ] with the money What did you steal those
100 to go eat how disgusting how disgusting
how is your relationship with Javi now gbel
eye I never spoke to him in my
life I never spoke to Javi Oliveira in my
life that is what gives me the most fun
when they say Now you are his friend it is
true eh I mean I have never spoken to
gubel Well here live not what
we have talked about in the live shows of
course I never spoke to him they forget How it
started they forget How the Ros started
between you two not because of
stuttering because of stuttering no no
no and your confrontation with him the
bullying of course [ __ ] the bullying was a
good arc this was also a good arc you
have to admit it is strange that I remember
Javi the first time he saw that clip
in the south of
said Javi you want members and you
insult us by reuploading old videos to the
Main
cinema and it is updated do not hang out anymore
eh do not hang
out these two outside of
the much I fit a lot for it is one of the
best debates you have had not for M
is p for  M is p because at one point
Tomy is talking explaining something and I
wanted to comment on something And you see how his
anger starts to rise he clenches his
fist let me talk it
's 3 in the morning eh Oh what 3:3
we have to see it works that gets
attention and it works information this
section Tomy I would like you to
give your definition of hater What is a
hater for you?
Well I also tell you when several
people celebrate that someone attacks you
something you are doing wrong in your
life something you are doing
but Tomy the main reason why
you think you don't like it ler no idea of
base before the comment he made about you I mean that's why
maybe you have something personal
but I think it's like I don't know no idea
how how I even realized [ __ ] I
was entertained with this let's
change let's not watch another little thing anymore
eh about Rebor Well let's go about N
first that also has to do with
Dallas what what do you think about this I mean
why have they sold a Face
reveal what audience has it had This
tells me l that it has had about 2000 20000
viewers, I mean, they've been Obando
for the podcast without fear of
success, which I don't know how it's going without fear
of success, honestly, let's take a
look, I don't know how it's going, but selling a
Face
reveal, I don't understand, selling a Face
reveal would understand a Okay, well, look, now let's
go now, I'm going to make a video, yeah. Hey, look, this one
is very good, eh,
half a million views,
eh, this one is so-so. Hey, look, this one also
has views. Oh,
look at René, wow, but how few
views, no, this one, it's
also a bit
abandoned, no, really, look
here the one they made is still visible,
eh, I would swear they changed the
thumbnail, no, and they removed the Li thing from
the thumbnail, no, this one didn't put
like, eh, They didn't put the thumbnail here, the
lip audios, no. I mean,
the thumbnail has changed, right? It was a
dirty trick, eh.
But anyway, a Face reveal, a fake reveal
when everyone already knew the
face, I mean, I would have just taken it
and I would have. Well, look, what do I know, now I'm going to
do a, now I'm going to do
content not with without covering my face the
truth Hello good But well what I do
think is that for you look Elo is that you take
and want to sell the Face review this let's
go this idea of ​​​​delos not hers and
say give the review in the
title it says I know that for many I know that
for many that Nimu shows her face
even though it was leaked years ago it doesn't
have much value but you couldn't be
more wrong behind this small
gesture there are years of personal development
mistakes and learning I'm proud that
the big day has finally arrived
I don't know I think I do
n't know the truth I think let's see it
seems fine to me that she does it eh buo It
would seem fine to me if she does it with or
without a face whatever she wants Celin and
Mara Javier is now going to put it on for me Luar
now she is going to prepare it for me Luar about Celin
and Mara that I don't know what it is that it
seems fine to me that she does it with or
without a face whatever she wants to do in the
end she is free e but I don't know the ha d as
much hype to a nonsense no
good good to everyone guys welcome
Welcome to my Face rev as I said  in
the podcast dude I didn't feel like talking
about certain controversies because there were a lot of
people who were like let go of Dallas
let go of Dallas let's see
Honestly I didn't feel like talking
about dasas at all And why do you talk about
dasas in the
podcast, it was the last thing I wanted to
talk about, it's my podcast But what happens that it's my
podcast, I didn't want it to, but it's
also not a topic that you talk about inside
because well, the topic can come up, it's not
reviewing the controversies and it comes out is that you do
n't talk about it dude
and And the thing is that you've put it in the title, I
mean, you've tried to get
views, not to get such and such, you've
tried by putting adas in the title
So that shows
that you're aware Or you think that
putting adas in the title can give you
visibility, it's the podcast in which it's
mine and I talk about Dallas, but the problem
was that if I didn't talk about it, it was going to
haunt me for the rest of my life, I
never answered him, let's say, those last
controversies,
of course,
eh. Of course, but I don't, I don't know how to put it in the
title, your podcast, not your
presentation podcast  and you put it in the title to
Dallas well that's your right also I
tell you it's not your right I don't know that
a lot of people were bothered And me too, I mean I
understand the people who were
bothered because if I had been a
viewer I would have been bothered too Uh
this stupid thing that doesn't let you talk about
Dallas but it was very necessary it was very
necessary I hope you can
understand now with that it's closed and I'm not going
to talk about it anymore, yeah eh keep in
mind well there was a question that
a lot of grandpa asked and if you show a
rival chest Hey
man but for that we would have to reach
I don't know 10,000 members in the same
night no people who were like that eh I Oz
operations before revealing my face and
the reality is that no I didn't have surgery I mean
as you can see No I don't have an
operated face like If I had had surgery I would
surely have fuller lips
the upturned nose like I had a droopy nose you
know what I mean I mean I didn't
operate on my face like or I would have removed
the double chin at least but no no I didn't operate I
mean people  She thinks I waited to
reveal my face because I was undergoing
operations or
surgical interventions and the reality is that I didn't the
truth is that eh No, I didn't do the Face
Revive because I wanted to lose weight I was
rord Oh why does she do the Face Rev If we've
all seen this idiot's face I don't
know what don't you realize that I look red
different from Tiny and the one who said I
was too
fat the ID speaking of ID
there's something that I can finally show you
sons of [ __ ] wait a second I come
Andorran residence card for those
who are with their there their
conspiracy theories that Ah Hey Well
look it's been updated I'm not illegal an
illegal immigrant no Excuse me bro first I'm
going to show it because why not I'm going to
show it I mean shutting mouths obviously
Hello hello n collaborate with my tubers who
showed their face with memi cookies eh No
no with emic cookies No exactly because she
doesn't answer my messages and I liked her
a long time ago I mean we were going
to pay for her plane all paid  hotel everything
from there From from Loma del orto
where she lives and got engaged to us
and he told us when we were going to pay for her
trip like that Dallas forced me to talk to her as
equals Dallas forced me to fall in love with
him Holy cringe Why are you
donating through the description
of the live again you can really notice the gin
but eh eh Let's see what I'm
getting at Still Dallas didn't have to
mess with her for being more or less
fat or whatever no but I remember
that she already said no that it was a lie that she
was super thin and such And then at the
end when they had the fight Dallas
was telling her things that he knew from the
moment in which they were talking to them
no Although they have since
solved it no ad delg has done the
residency No so eh I don't know I don't know
with em cookies I don't speak I tried a little
but it has I don't know eh I guess she's
missing out like she missed a trip to
Andorra with a podcast and everything and food
because we were going to invite her for a week and we're
going to take her on a gastronomic tour
of Andorra all-inclusive type  Hey what's
up, well he was afraid of success,
emic cookies, for me Dallas was an
acquaintance, he was just a person with whom I
crossed words. Hey, well, leaving aside
all the controversies and all the
poop videos that he made me previously, not
when we reconciled, he was an
acquaintance, I mean, I shared a few
words with him, he invited me to play
a game with Ilici a couple of times, eh. And
we met up a couple of times in person
with you, but beyond that it was. I
see this the same as the
controversy that telesalseo had, no. I mean,
if it's already closed, didn't you shut your
[ __ ] mouth at the moment, especially your
boyfriend suddenly making a podcast to
talk about
Dallas when the other one is quiet, well,
the other one, no, the other one is quiet, no, the other one has been
quite informal for 1000 years, the relationship
wasn't like, oh, we're the best. It's because
this is because he, Delo's boyfriend,
considers that his pic, eh, his, his
repercussion, his notoriety, well, he has
had it with
Dallas, friends for years and we
support each other, obviously there was also a
hurt on my part that he had
hurt me a lot in the media but
that wound was still there eh yes he was my am
master No it wasn't He was just an acquaintance
obviously he is not No not even an acquaintance we don't want him anymore we don't
want to see him No for
example I say I am Rick's friend edit
If he asks me delox you
are riid's friend I will say yes I'm not going to say No I don't like him no Of course he is my friend now and I have spoken with him about this we are not friends by definition we are acquaintances that we have a relationship that is forming and who knows Maybe in
a few years I will consider him a good friend
and he to me and I think it is the same that at
that time people could confuse no
Even Dallas himself I
felt because of things that happened both with me and with you that the slightest thing that we said something that did not fit with what he wanted the narrative that he defended Uf I entered into a very tense situation
clo that was also very strange it was very very
difficult eh to establish a friendship with him
or rather take it to the next level to that to
that Rank of acquaintance there friend
because there were attitudes that were very
strange things that weren't from a normal person you
told him something you didn't tell him Ah the other
day I went to play ball not to set
an example and he would say to you Ah You went to
play ball but who did you go to
play ball with and why do you hang out
with that person who plays ball
too and what did you talk about with that person does
that person with whom you went to play
ball do you like or dislike and they were
questions that I later understood were to
leave me exposed or to have a weapon
to use against me in case
I screwed up with him At one point I
tell you that I have some friends
that I really like they are very good
people but eh these friends at least
one of them was a very person Ah she
is justifying what she is
justifying what she in a
confidential way okay she told Dala that but
what was she thinking of one yes she is she
is twisting anyway She had
an opinion about some friends that she
got along with and disliked them in
reality she treated them less because they
weren't famous and now she is justifying it by
turning around but for what good da
same draining was very
energy draining is the reality and then of course
I tell him this and he barely had the
chance he exposed it and left me like the
worst friend in history who talks behind
his back I don't know what I don't know what it is that it's
not like he barely had the
chance it's that if you're bringing up
conversations with him or or things about him and you
're saying that he threatened you watch
watch What the fox Imagine if he
had told him more intimate things other
types of issues that's why I didn't really feel like
talking to him and also
like you have all those
disclaimers from everyone that he's
told you be careful with Dallas that tomorrow he's
going to make four videos in the end it happened
eh that he's going to make videos he's going to
attack you I don't know what you were saying anyway everything that I
say can be used can be used
against me not the mythical then it
cost no but if you know that Dallas is
this that other and they've told you this and that
why do you end up trusting him or
why do you end up telling him according to what
things or why intimate with him because
Dallas and I say this despite everything  what
happened today Dallas in
person you would like and it's the worst thing
reminds me of the typical Netflix psychopath
you know it's like he does it very well he
seems endearing even any of
you who
know him in person will think that he's
incredible he's a kind person uh he seems
attentive he seems like he wants to take care of you and
all and he's very very adorable when you barely
move away from him and you go to the virtual plane he
already automatically becomes another person he is
super hostile in the chat it's it's it's weird he's
a strange guy my opinion and nothing more
than my opinion But I'm sure he
has some kind of psychopathic illness
or let's see he may have attitudes
obviously and I've always said that
herdal has suffered a lot he may have
attitudes with people or in his way
of relating to streamer maybe
more defensive or I mean it's just
things Maybe
uh [ __ ] it's that every time I explain
this it seems like I'm justifying it that it's like
not my boyfriend I defend him but it's like that I mean it's just
things that
m any of them live through and they
are deeply touched  you understand I mean
the things that this
kid has been through okay either
of these two has suffered a lot If he had been through them they would spend their
whole [ __ ] lives never letting go of
people's arms Good night Mr.
Oliveira king of gossip yes it's true
that he may have a
more distrustful attitude more defensive Okay
but I don't think it's a
mental illness I think they're things that he should maybe I do
n't know if he should get over it because he can't get over it either it's that
if his dick gets hard he
can't get over the word But anyway
what happens
more are not things that of course I mean
any of the things that have
happened to Dallas that have been done to
Dallas on the internet in general not the
treatment on the internet no The general beating
and Aha you a friend and the friend Also
hits you And you get a girlfriend and he messes you up And you get
some And he also
gets some connections from you he gets I don't know what of
course Eh here we are with the mantras that
the D has suffered muse a kiss story handsome
these are things that Of course if you try to
put yourself in his shoes no that's how
I try to see him yes  you try to put yourself
in his shoes, of course.
From that perspective, each of us will
see, each one of us reacts and each one of us
has attitudes in life
based on our experiences, based on what we
have lived through. If you have one, if
things have happened to you and your
experience on the internet has been and your
relationships with people and such. And such, well, they have
been in a certain way, okay. What does
Tommy say? Well, you have a different attitude
with people. If you have had a bad
experience, if you have had a bad
experience. Well, in
D's case, what happens is that he is very tough, this
justifies that here there he says this, he says that,
I do not justify anyone for
absolutely everything for whatever reason, do you
understand me, I mean, look, there is Keiko,
for example, she is one of
these bad accounts and she is here comes the
live, obviously she is not watching, for
example, the chat show.
I do not justify everything, in each case.
Well, there will be some things on which I
agree with him, others on which I do not, damn, well
this yes, well this no. But of course,
M is a person who has had a very bad
experience on the internet  it's been
like yes as a person who
was bullied no that he was like the
dehumanized not everyone to mess
with him but as a wildcard no so that they would
accept you so that they would accept you on the
internet so that they would give you a like so
that people would follow you eh or even
so that in the Main Stream
these Guay little groups would accept you well You had to
call this one a pedophile and say things like that
then uncle
the own broncano in a
resistance program but there very for free he didn't
make a joke about Dallas like a
joke with the priests the typical joke about
the priests of Ah the priests not
pedophilia No well he made a joke with
Dallas that as a guy you don't know he had
a lot of filter before or because now nimu
looks like the Titan cargo ship if you don't know look it up
man I don't know if that's good it's
bad how good So I'm not going to look for it
something that makes him pretend empathy but he does
n't have it I feel that he lacks
it the truth is that it is very sad
because I feel that in the time 10
years ago when I was  little fish he
made videos that were very good but it is
noticeable that his illness or
whatever he has was degrading over
time he is completely crazy I will tell you
more I think that now he almost doesn't even pretend I
mean now now it is very easy to see what
he is really like But because you see how he
talks to him I see this on Twitter all the
time I try not to pay much
attention because I don't want to get into
there again but you see the chats that
come out of him with his own followers
with active pambiitos that are
defending him from things that Honestly to
this day I don't know how anyone can
defend that If it's not because of dementia or
because they want to be literally blind but the fact is that he
insults them but he insults them and
recently he proposed to one of them that he
take his life just because he
had told him that I lost money with
pambi dude But what are these ways with
a person who also
unfortunately is right I
first thought no I don't know what the hell he's
talking about I don't have a [ __ ] thing It's that
the delos watches things from Dallas that I don't even
see and I am a gossip channel there was
a character in fact when  I
interviewed, I said I was very, very
happy, then I found out that the guy
was recording to see if he could use that
against me, I don't know what, that was when things
were good. Of course, the recording thing,
these are attitudes that
come from the experience
that you've had on the internet with people, of
course, the recording thing, the recording of the
hearts of the fos and
so on, it's something that I've heard many
times that is done in case someone manipulates an
interview, I mean, it's not a crazy thing, it
's not a bad thing or anything. What happens is that, of
course, here we see it in the issue of
youtubers and such, well, we see it as something
strange, you know, I mean, they've
done interviews with me, no, I haven't felt like
recording it, you know, it hasn't occurred to me,
but D already goes, well, with the
paranoia that they're going to attack him, with the
paranoia that they're going to manipulate him.
Why? Well, because. Look, for example, I'm going to
give you an example that comes to mind,
okay,
and there was a time when it was the
time when Dallas was
recovering again, so well  and so on,
the image and station of the people and so on, you
're already putting it in the chat, right? And he
gave several interviews, I mean, people
asked him for interviews, there were creators who gave them, asked him for
interviews, and he
accepted them. Dallas is a bit like
me, I mean, I'm not one to give
collaborations to anyone, why? Because I don't
get anything in return, I mean, when they
write to me
and I can do an interview with you, it's not to
belittle the fact that a person has
1,000, 2,000 followers, 10,000. But it has to
be something that's going to bring me something,
why? Because the hours that I don't
work, I have them for my family, not
to give something away, you know, I can
do a favor for someone, that's a
commitment, a friend of someone, you know,
something like that, but I would lend an
hour to a person I don't know. You're welcome,
for free, to help them on the
channel, to a person that you know, so
Dallas accepted these interviews.
Why, for example, because candr had
a very large audience in which he
could, could express his point of view
and his version, and with mop papi, the same thing
had a great mop papi. He has  a large
audience sees his videos
millions of people see them and being able to step on the stage
for people to see him not that he's a
person you can talk to and such
And then
H Dallas asked moto papi
asked him in the interview his opinion on
the
wismichu issue I don't know specifically what the issue was
if it was something in general or it was between the
two of them I don't remember but it's like you And
what do you think about this not about Win michu I don't
know if it had just happened Eh some video or
the trial I don't remember why okay
em or some of the funas I don't remember
something like that no And then moto papi
answered sincerely in favor of
Dallas and against Win michu and
mono papi grabbed and cut the answer Hi
Javi my girlfriend and I really enjoy your
streams when you go on vacation
we miss you less vacation
grandpa We love you very much a kiss
Thank you very much friend well right now eh
Right now eh I'm in New York
in [ __ ] 10 days Eh in 10 I
'm already in New York it
seems like there was a long time left
Dallas Still gets along with
candres as far as I know no, let's see it's not like they'll
get along, I mean, he just
did that interview and little
else, no, as far as I know, there's no
problem between them with mosto, yes there was that
problem that
mono cut that part, he left everything
else and cut that part in fact moo that
I get along well with moo the other day I
spoke to
him moo left the bite at the beginning like
a nod to Win michu or some reference
to Win michu okay at the beginning of the video
for the intro to create more and for the
announcement and now the bastard took it and cut
the part where he gets wet one of two or
he deals with the question or he doesn't cut it because of
course Dallas told him don't remove it eh I'll
do the interview with the condition that you
don't remove it eh leave it all then it
's an example that I've given you but
come on that's the least that in the end I
remove that the interviewer cuts his
part and doesn't want to get involved because he doesn't
want Win michu's friends to see him badly
or At that moment no whatever
Well still such but the worst It's not that
the worst It's not that  cut a part the
worst thing is that imagine if they manipulate one
and they make you look bad in an answer
you know
So it's not bad to record it must dad I like him
but that is something that was from
his habits section that the guest
could ask any question And he
had to answer true is that he
had to answer is true it was something
from his section and he
cut it out for fear of you know the others or
whatever how to tell the truth that's it If you do
n't disrespect Win michu you
can have your opinion no it's not a problem
So the recording thing to recording that they
do an interview with you is not a it's not
crazy eh It's not something
crazy It's that at no time
has he recorded you to extort or I mean eh if
later something was said that in the end he didn't
even publish it or send it or anything it was
because you were still taking out your
bullets Imagine if he had
disliked you because there it is assumed that you
fell more or less without grace I was
someone anonymous to him at that moment
I am an anonymous person who is
paying for me to come do a
talk he comes to my house and  he starts
recording me like but but man I came to
ask you four questions you know four
questions no 4 hours of questions delox you
know I don't understand this tint and
this and this all that is not normal
delox is that you with a stranger and your
editor start talking about Abi that they
[ __ ] her that she is a [ __ ] what blah
blah blah I have the
habit of not starting to talk
strong things that no what what what what
can leak with people I do
n't trust it can happen to me that I talk about it with
people that I think I trust you
know then they betray me but
with people I don't trust
new people imagine I meet with someone for the
first time it doesn't occur to me to tell me
things that they can reveal later because it's
not necessary for them to record you they
can
say it br this Pro is not the same person you
see in the videos as the one you see in
the chat as the one you see in person that I
think must have not two faces he must
be 25 I don't know I'm starting to think he
has a multiple personality disorder
people who are listening to me  I would
go crazy If I knew the few
facets that I know, imagine the
people closest to him, the amount
of facets they must know about this
person, it's crazy, crazy,
man, [ __ ] off and my father and
my mother They have seen me angry, they have
seen me crying, they have seen me happy, they have seen me
with character, they have seen me
afraid, they have seen my weaknesses Oh
right, knob, we are not going to change, let's
see what they have given me for 17 minutes, poor
Lic, we send you, we send you support, lici lici, I
think he is a lovely
person, I know he has his things, he has
done wrong, he has messed up, in fact, in
some things, he may even be the same here
as you, you are not, he is still the same,
man, months have passed, he is still with the
same thing,
man, it's the same, man I am not a
psychologist either, I am not a
lawyer here, nor am I a judge. He may be an
accomplice to some things, but I believe
that he is a victim and I hope that one day, I
hope that one day he wakes up, open his eyes
and get out of there because please get out of
there, you deserve it, I think you need to
get out of there  and start over we have
lived through that cruelty of Dallas both you
and I Dallas against me strong but
stronger are my wins this
Sorry well please please not the
same just said scammer I expected
this have you taken or intend to take
legal action against Dallas for
this
hos have not taken absolutely any
kind of action okay as I told you
a while ago he had already made a lot of
but your boyfriend How videos but the one that
crossed all the red lines was this
last one in which he accused
me and my dad of the worst who is the person he
loved the most in this world and he couldn't let it go
not
only do we live in New York
I hope to find each other smiling face with
big eyes Well I don't know because I will be
with excursions and things like that I don't know the
truth no idea made that video But even
though my ex-partner confirms that
the philia, the pilia and all that
was false, it was not enough for him that he had to
make another video More knowing that everything
was false already confirmed to
reinforce that it was all real supposedly
Or rather that all those
horrible accusations were real and that and that my ex  he
was lying because we paid him I wasn't
going to sit idly by It's just that he
's making fun of me in my face
How how are you going to accuse someone of something
so serious seeing how they defame me
seeing how people are accusing me
en masse Saying things that are so
tremendously disgusting that they make me
vomit and the guy wasn't satisfied with
that so he went ahead and made another video to
reinforce it more no no no I'm
taking the entire lawsuit and I'm very very happy to
announce this because eh it's leaving it's
leaving here I've proven that if you
do things wrong you have to pay for it you ca
n't continue not just me well well well well well
wait This is
the way I'm very happy to
announce this because if you do things
wrong you have to pay for it wait the lawsuit
has arrived it has
arrived you have already won or how is
Javi New York is ugly
today don't tell me that man don't [ __ ] with me it
's like my dream trip let's see let's
see you just said
that Lisy was a victim  from Dallas and an
accomplice in some crimes, a scammer, you
just called him here, you're going to
sue, let's see. I understand that if you didn't
say anything, yes, there could be things to
sue, but of course, if you've said
little things, you know that things get
really complicated, not only for me, but for
all the people whose
lives he's trying to ruin, he can't
go on like this, he can't go on with impunity. You
understand why he's not a person, since,
well, he innocently believed my ex and all that
and then he retracted it and
apologized. No, I mean, not only did he
spread lies, but he tried to.
Well, I skipped a bit, you're
telling me through the chat that he's an
abuser, he also told him. Oh, give
more veracity, then it's crazy
what he did. I don't know if you realize the
seriousness of this, look, to
defend a defamation, he defamed us
back, he said. No, it's not that they've spoken to
him, they've paid him, he made it up. He
pulled it all out of his
ass, it's the same thing again, dude, they
made a
podcast with the questions already rehearsed
because they're obviously a couple.  to
try again mantra and his story
dude to try his mantra and his story
dude dude eh delox you on your channel said
that immediately when D released the
video you went to talk to
Renzo Renzo suddenly If you had told
Dallas what he said that we saw in
the video what he said Suddenly Renzo
started saying that it was a lie and aas
by message he said you should have paid
more or kenso yeah whatever the [ __ ] his name is out
of nowhere it's not possible it could be true
or it could be a lie but out of nowhere it doesn't
enter his head I mean let's
have it in but it's the
same thing eh I mean These are 17 minutes 18
minutes that
has summarized places for me dude
accounts I in the first place have never
spoken to Kenzo with your ex-partner I have never
spoken to him but let him say it
be I have never said a single word to him I don't
even have his contact And what am I
going to do now I mean I see that they
are accusing you of the worst And I
get the great idea of ​​Ah I'm going to spread
money so that he says that he is  a troll
or rather why would I pay a person who
is calling me sofc
disgusting things because I am going to pay that
person typical eh I would never negotiate
with someone who is hurting
me it's like e I'm not interested What doesn't make
any sense another thing is for
a person to come and tell you Look don't
take legal action against me because I
regret this I am going to
apologize an agreement has not been reached I don't
know what How long is the podcast or so the
podcast lasts an hour and a half eh And almost
half an hour is from Dallas
dude from Dallas with the same thing eh For
them to tell their story again this thing
has a lot of dislike the
truth eh Imagine if Dallas comes to
say wow I've eaten it that you don't
even believe it because you know
perfectly well that you lied But well I've
eaten it I have no escape I am going
to apologize surely I would not
have sued him because at least he would have
rectified that Well look at the damage It's already
done but at least he rectified
but not even that dude there is so much pride and
ego that he doesn't want to  accept
never never You're going to see eh the every time I've
seen him say I was
wrong it's something super super
complex to say and in any case it is said
that he was wrong it will be because of
another clo, I mean he's never going to say yes I
did this wrong exactly no no no there's no
there's that when he scammed his followers he
said that it was the Followers' fault
it's that it's a no Or see here again he
accuses her of fraud if you're going to sue
a person, I mean because what he's
saying is that the lawsuit has reached him, I
mean they sued him in Dubai what has he
done, I mean all his
horrible accusations were real
and but stronger sonig wins this Sorry he
has to justify anything I
say yes yes you may have suffered a lot
but if you scam your entire gang
totally totally more it was corroborated by this
guy from the anti-sects corroborated
that he is a sectarian what he is
managing is a sect This is
corroborated boy Ah okay what
a guy corroborated that this is
accepted okay he corroborated that he is a
sectarian eh that he manages a
sixth no no he's saying sixth in a
colloquial way in a metaphorical way no no no
literally you have to be careful who you
follow out out the meme that they
use there now as if to justify
anything I say yes yes you may have suffered a
lot but if this is happening your whole gang is going through like that
No he hasn't suffered a
lot he's suffered a lot No but but that out
out the meme that they use there now as if
to justify anything I say yes
yes you may have suffered a lot but if this
is happening your whole gang is going through like that no no no
no it's like it validates it says okay
Okay the crime is omitted no exp what you
've done wrong is wrong of course what happens is
that alas has a very big problem
in his head and it is I am strong but
my desire to scam is stronger
sorry this person is
going to sue well please please I didn't expect this have you taken or intend to take legal action against Dallas for this as I told you a while ago eh He had already made a lot of videos but the one that crossed all the red lines was this last one in which he accused
me and my dad of the worst  who is the person who
loved the most in this world and I couldn't let it go
not only did he make that
video But even though my
ex-partner confirmed that the Lasil thing
knowing that all of us go someone
of something tremendously ugly to
reinforce it more eh is to leave is to leave me
really not only me but all the
people To evil because eh is to leave is to
leave here eh to demonstrate that if you do
things wrong you have to pay No no and the
guy wasn't satisfied with that so he went and
made another video to reinforce it more no no
no the lawsuit was taken in full and
I am very very happy to announce this
because it is to leave here proven that the
lawsuit was taken in full Well
I can sue they can sue eh I mean they may
have sued and it may be
true that they sued and that there is a
lawsuit And such And that will be seen because you
know that this issue eh
is very
subjective what a judge tells you that
you can win another one may not be
worth it personally what I believe luare
let's see about selling is that they are not going
to put anything and that  this will pass the year we will
know absolutely nothing about this
lawsuit
okay Not for nothing but for many
things it is at the end okay Not for nothing
but because
when you are going to sue someone the
ideal thing is that you do not start making a
podcast insulting him accusing him of
crimes okay laughing at him mocking
him when you are going to sue someone it does
n't make sense to me there are people that I
have sued that I really
want to say some things to and I
don't tell them you know So I
think not but more than anything also
because of the complication not of the other one lives
in Dubai this one in Andorra and
[Music] I
understand that you have to look for yourself To
sue if the other person resides in
Dubai No well you have to look for yourself To
sue to sue him in Dubai I don't
know the truth a little
strange a little
strange I think that smoke eh but come on if it is not
smoke Well it will be something that will happen in
a
decade Hi Javi how are you Have you seen
ninu's video right now We just
finished Suso a huge kiss handsome old I do
n't know what places in New York per te  I
would recommend delaying it for a few months, it's
a dump at the moment, although
a few people were scared off with
Trump's victory. Come on, when Trump
cleans up the streets and enjoy it. I've
met up with Trump personally, I didn't
want to tell you. Javi, handsome. I just arrived. You
saw that Wismichu released his two
videos of Así es Dallas
review. We've been watching it. We've been watching it.
In fact, we'll extract the
extract. We'll extract that for the
extract outside of what we've been
watching from Gibel. Uh, yes, but no, there's no
sentence yet. eh, they had a
trial and everything, but
no, there's no sentence. eh, there's no sentence
yet. So no, I don't know why he did it. I don't know if he
was
preventing it. I don't know the
truth. I don't
know. I don't know. It's just that
I find it strange that he
never wanted to remove them, that he could have done it
and now suddenly he
does it without having a sentence when
the trial has already taken place. I mean, maybe he
did it before the trial and in the trial he
said he
removed them, but I think I would have found
out. Oh, Dallas would have told me
or the lawyer would have told me
because I wouldn't have  called attention
but
[Music]
no I don't know that I of course I
was just in the trial in the part where I
had to
testify you know I don't know anything the
truth is at any moment the sentence will come out
no pu it may be it will come out
now I think the court doesn't close
now I think it closes in the week of
well I don't know if the games close
now at Christmas eh I do
n't know if the games close at Christmas it
seems to me that last year they closed but
for whatever
reason but I don't know I don't
know let's
see what happened between these
two This is what happened I don't know
why she doesn't say my name But well there is
a channel of a person who is
such a good friend that she doesn't stop seeing me
constantly she allows her and
constantly with me and people can I
share
the channel with her and you're constantly with me
[ __ ] whoever has donated you allow it and
nothing happens and you don't stop constantly
with me and the shame and the people too
in my life I would never never never allow them to
mess with my friends in the
chat and always the bans and less to a
person to whom I have literally given everything
okay Let's see let's  points you know that
when I came back from Japan Well in fact
until now I've been sick I don't
go out of my way for discord I didn't
make discord myself the people in the chat said
let's have a discord and they made
discord my life doesn't depend on what's
said on discord I've always said
not to insult and that's it memes memes
can be made but not to insult
In fact I've deleted a few
comments insults towards celin okay What
happens is that at the moment that I
'm sick Because I've been sick for like I don't know
how long I've been sick okay with a fever the
last thing I feel like doing is going into
discord to see what the [ __ ] they're saying about I don't know who
to see who said what To see
who said how many my life When I
finish Stream it's not discord you
understand I don't live off what
people say I've always said not to
insult if there is insult I'm not on the
[ __ ] discord I don't live off discord what
I don't understand and what pisses me off is
that someone who considers a friend the
first thing they do is block my
brother on  WhatsApp saying because
someone in the chat made a meme video of
I missed my car because she
said so and it became a meme I control that no
my brother saw it on his Stream and said
Okay don't watch this the video is not
public my brother said don't watch it on
Stream I haven't seen it on Stream I haven't
made jokes I haven't followed jokes eh I haven't
tried to defend you as much as possible
then damn if it's like that
she tells it She's
about Japan because there have been
a lot of people who have come to throw you out
and I said Okay people That's it, that's it, that's it, I would
say that Selin instead of
talking about it, blocked her on
social media including WhatsApp what I'm not
going to allow is that when you have a
real problem with me instead of coming to
talk about it It's okay that you're pissed off
but instead of coming to talk about it You
block me on WhatsApp you kick me out of your
discord which honestly I don't know what you
do in other discords but I
'm there to be on your discord I mean I don't read
anything or search or mess with
secondary accounts or anything I mean I don't give a damn and
now  that strides the subject Yeah eh No you don't
want to talk to me again in life and that
's it, I mean, I don't know, it seems a little
sad to me that you don't want to talk things over
even though you are so angry but it's that I do
n't know what I don't like is that
man, I mean, I already learned in the Papada
House those types of people and
honestly if it's going to be like that then it's okay, well
each one goes their own way if you
are happier on your own then it's
understood that I have no
problem with you that if you come and
tell me it bothers me x it bothers me and I'm not
going to tell you then go girip po going I don't
know what if it bothers you It bothers you and you
try to fix it and that's it but the thing is that I would
do that for anyone
but if you're going to
sulk and not want to talk to me anymore in
life about life anymore Well girl
Okay, I would comment that Selin forced her to
delete a photograph Oh about forcing her to
delete a photo together because according to her,
those on her discord mess with her
Well yes when she left Japan I
uploaded a photo like miss you with  she
and she told me delete that photo that I don't want
anyone to know and I deleted it
if those things bother you I do them
Although it seems like a poyet to me well I
do them But this thing of blocking me on WhatsApp
and not wanting to talk to me again in life
and I'm a bad person I already lived through
the pap House and honestly I've been
bad for three weeks I don't have the energy for
this and I hope it is understood Mara says
that it pisses her off but what the [ __ ] No I mean But there has to be
more things from
before there has to be more things from before I mean
because of these things there can be
arguments no and annoying no I mean
imagine I see myself in
Uncle Shur's chat or someone's No I mean
dude Look at all the things that
your chat puts dude put some bans there no no
here I can say what man that if I
kin camo well the moderators don't
allow insults here but not friends and
not friends even many times the
people we're talking to are not allowed
there
but of course if you miss something I mean yes yes
you're not paying attention to the
insults  I mean, it's not like you and on
top of that there's a video your brother tells you
that no, it's like Mara tells it, there must be
something more, there must be
something more
previously, like the bf but
what's really happening seems
more like the attitude of a little boy, I don't
have the energy for these things because they
are things that seem to me that if they happen in
a schoolyard at 15 years old I could
already understand But I don't like the bif I
mean, I like it, I like the bf and you know
between streamers and jaj and pullita And such
But someone that I really care about
Because Alicia, I care that she does these
little girl things, well, that's it, I'm
not going to educate you, you know, like, if
you think that's a way to do it,
then perfect I mean, it's okay
and that's it, but I don't have the energy, I don't have the
energy for these things and I've
told her a thousand times if you have a problem
with me please come and talk about it yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
boom I just don't
understand He touched you several times
when he told me that I didn't like a comment, I
asked him Forgive me, he didn't touch me you
know that he touched me  given the
last message I have from Alicia is
delete history with me that is the last
message she has given me she has given me hints
of what in her Stream Do you think that I
watch her Stream 24 hours in the chat I would
complain to Mara that Celin would have already given her
enough hints
this would be her response in Japan I saw another one
in Japan I made a comment my
comment in the chat there are many Sims in
Cepe's Channel I said it out loud she got
upset and then I said sorry It's always the
same thing she gets upset and I say Sorry It
's always the same thing but if this time she's
going to get mad about this group there are
people my friends my real friends wouldn't get
mad every two by three things that I say
that can bother you things that do
n't matter to me I apologize and I
change it I won't say it again but it
's something constant and it's something tiring and I do
n't like this attitude of a 13 year old girl
and that's it Mara would be sincere if you did
n't want to be my friend Celin until here
that I haven't I haven't opened my mouth and I've
tried to defend her When someone
says something bad in my  discord which is not
my discord bad hers on top of it it's my fault
I don't feel like it people I've been feeling
bad for three weeks It's that I don't have the
energy for this you understand no that I have
told her any attitude that you don't
like tell me and that's it but like
normal adult people but if she's
going to get mad because of something she said in a
discord Look Okay I'm sincerely not
here to piss her off I
'm not here to pull her strings or to
uh test her limit of I'm not here
for that that's it if you don't want to be
my friend anymore then that's it this has already happened to me
with other female streamers and that's it and it's
over let's go now with IB which would
give details about her retirement is there something
else Only only No Celin hasn't said
anything yet I mean
only Mara talks
the choca is not going to put up with this chick
well I don't know let's see I don't know let's see
if she's a person who gets upset like that
suddenly out of nowhere with a friend with
a friend she doesn't take
something like that to the limit with a
friend man Well she will be a very
special person but of course I have more  Jai the
what where where where where where I mean it comes
out to me it seems more like there are
things missing I'm not going to see the rebón thing I'm
lazy okay No it's not that I'm lazy it's just that it's
very late and I and I want to go to
sleep because I'm really tired man But I
'm going to see what else there is from Selin
[Music]
no Pedro Pedro Pedro
but it's the same thing we've seen by the way
new
video it's the same thing we've
seen it's cut but but there's something
more important if uncle sh has already
summarized it there was no more then that's it
guys let's go to sleep okay let's go to
sleep
eh tomorrow we'll see each other surely tomorrow we'll
see each other okay Well I don't know if tomorrow we'll
really see each other I don't know if we'll really see each other
guys you know that
I'm busy with
something I'm looking forward to telling you okay
I'm looking forward to telling you okay but
I'm busy with something Okay what
Jacki's doing you see on Twitter okay Jacki there you
have the clips on Twitter and
and and here he quoted a click of mine
answering this girl to
Agata's girlfriend a kiss Eri Thank you very much
okay Yeah  I told you okay, I mean I'm
preparing a little thing that you'll see very
soon. Well, a little thing isn't a big thing, it
's a big thing, okay, but I'll announce it to you in
the next few days in a
live show with
Fran. In a live show with Fran, I'll
announce it to you,
grandpa, listen to me, Selin answers no, she does
n't answer, she's not coming out here. Let
Selin answer
no. This is the thing about
choca, suck my
dick, suck my
dick guys, I'm going to sleep, a kiss, see you
tomorrow or the day after or the day after or
who knows when we'll see each other.